hi I'm Jamie Richards and we're here in
suburbia for this episode of food ology
dot TV now a third but they're pretty
hot for hasbro toys around here so let's
go and have a sleep about see I always
knew three of me would come in handy six
years are always better than two which
is just as well because I came here one
heck of a racket coming from there check
out all the fuss is about
well you're playing with that we're
playing with a ricochet stun this are
they good they're they're all so much
dick
run your Tonko ricochet arcing stuff
vehicle low to the ground for speed flip
it over
activate a monster lift suspension and
you can take on just about anything
there ricochets are rechargeable RC
packed with loads of wow factor
so guys marks at 10 and what was
favorite bit so when you turn it over
different color yeah and the suspension
it can move up and down when you press a
button we've pretty cool huh
what about you no one taught Mark's
favorite bit
my favorite beer is when it does Donuts
so you can really start birdies and
ruther great stuff but hunger is not
just about toys for kids and big kids or
really big kids there's stuff for all
age ranges so let's have a look at some
stuff that's what I've gotta say this
looks far less speed even the Ricochet
stunt cars it certainly is but it might
be a bit less speedy but by no means is
it any less fun
this is Tonka's Chuck and Friends this
is for younger rock fans or plus and is
this one of those modular toys we can
add as much as you want or take away as
much as you want
yeah the whole thing's called the power
play yard system so is there any other
merchandise that relates to public
sector friend or is it just a part you
know what's great each one of these set
a really cute little story
okay so this one is a Chuck stock dark
Rowdies crash crash they're all sever
stories I've written slippin father -
yep she mentioned earlier and there's a
website to support that as well yes
Desmond French calm so apart from this
what else have we got in the trunk
arrange fantastic you've got to come and
take a look at this stuff Mach machine
smoke machines you can wave forward
so these are the mod machines why mod
you can modify them they're modular you
can interchange the paths
that's what we changed but it's all
these different cars in the range dx-5
you've got there are the smaller
vehicles
you've got the dx9 yep this one the
master truck the X 14 so what you're
doing to take the wheels off take the
tires off take the roof off put the
wheels back on put the tires back on
take one off I've one set of wheels up
double wheel set to take the tops off
switch these bits around put this bit on
that car that bit on this car this one
and tow these that bit can go on here
swap them around little till you get
with each one right now it's time to
move on from a brand new car to a little
silver car that has monopolized the
industry for over 75 years it is of
course monopoly welcome to monopoly
revolution
now tell me has monopoly revolution
revolutionized monopoly hasn't changed
it completely but there are some
elements that have changed you might
have noticed it's now circular hence the
word revolution indeed let me take you
over to Al Kut road for example 600,000
pounds
let me take you over to Mayfair for
million take a look at income tax them
to a million parking is still free
however another element that's chaise
central console no more cash plastic
debit card for each player which you
plug in and it will debit or credit your
card accordingly as to what space you've
hit or whether you need to pay income
tax when you pass go what happens now
when you pass code you still get a
little bit of money but it'll play or
tune one of many from the last 7 hour
half decades but it will credit card no
way of doing it absolutely not still
Frankston no but what about the iconic
figures next to the same well they you
know change that pretty much the same so
we've still got the dog the boots the
car the top hat well don't Jamie today
point in time yeah has monopoly done
anything special in the last 75 it's
done loads of special things broken a
couple of Records longest the game 70
days straight non-stop absolutely Wow
the longest game in a bathtub really 99
hours in a bathtub yeah it wasn't a
family game it wasn't over 220 odd
million sense of him sold 37 different
languages financial battled all over the
world
everybody's acted so it must be one of
the biggest board games in the world
ever what are the best-known of the most
iconic I'd say fantastic well I think
it's time to move on from a financial
battle to a battle of skill it's
beyblade metal fusion
now Beyblade Metal Fusion is the best
high-performance spinning toy on the
market
isn't that why nice yeah tell me why is
this so cool well when you hit the
opponent it keeps on spinning so it's
the one that's left standing at the end
the one that still sprinting is the
winner and how many of these have you
got we've got two sofa Riley pixels and
dark bull and Ryan and Pegasus doesn't
have hardly any speed but it has the
best attack and I probably will always
remove it and dark blue just has to be
present take it to States so the defense
armor is better than having a speed yeah
yeah and then could you add bits on for
that as well I kind of just grow that
the metal and the armor yes fantastic
stuff now you want the chance to win a
Pegasus which Stadium and a whole
selection of beyblades
this question your chance to win the
beyblades prize to tell us what is the
name of the blade blades ballerina
is it a thunder with the stallion storm
slap or sea donkeys are be dropping do
you think you know the answer just click
on the beyblades logo
well that's all we've got time for on
toy ology dot TV I'm gonna let these
twins battle it out until the early
hours of the morning and we will see you
next time for more reviews of the
coolest toys see you again soon